                                                       Assignment-2     (23/01/23)

Ques- What is Git?
Ans- Git is a popular version control system (VCS), It was created by Linus Torvalds in 2005 
        and has been maintained by Junio Hamano.
        Git is used for tracking code changes, Tracking who made changes like history of the files , 
        coding collaborations.

Ques - What do you understand by the term 'Version control systems'?
Ans-  Git version control systems terms--
                   Tracking code changes
                   Tracking who made vhanges likes history of the files
                   Tracking collaborations 

Ques- What is Github?
Ans-  Git software installed in your local pc then work in Github. Github (Git server, bitbucket) 
         is store/save your data(codes and files)  for long terms . You are add,commit/update and push /pull 
         on Github server.

Ques- Mention some popular git hosting services.
Ans-  Distributed version contol system is provied some popular service.
         Developer (1,2,3 etc... ) worksplace--(add)--StageArea--(commit/update)--
         Local repository--(Push/pull)--Git server

Ques- Different types of version control systems.
Ans- There are three types of version control systems.
          1: Loal version control system (LVCS)
          2: Centralized version control system (CVCS)
          3: Distributed version control system (DVCS)

Ques- What are benefits come with using Git?
Ans-  There are many types benefits of git-
          1: Save data (coding and files etc..) in git.
          2: Save small to large project in git.
          3: Git data access many developer as your permission.
          4: Git developer changes in codes.
          5: Git data access many places.
               etc....

Ques- What is a git repository?
Ans-  Git repository is same as create a new folders and save different types files and coding 
         in git repository as per my openion.

Ques- How can you initialize a repository in git?
Ans - Git repositry initialize on your systems. First of all create new folder in your pc and 
         create new repository in your github.
         steps---brush cmd...........
              git init 
              git add .
              git commit -m "first commit"
              git branch -m main 
              git remote add origin (repository links)
              git push -u origin main
         