                                                 Assignment-(Java variables and Data types)-27/01/23

Ques - What is statically typed and dynamially typed programming language?
Ans- Statically types - programming languages are referred to as static typed if the memory of the 
          variable is provided at the time of compilation.
          Ex- c, c++, Java 
          
         Dynamically typed - programming languages are said to as dynamically typed if the 
         memory for the variable is provided at the time of execution.
         Ex- Python, PHP, and Javascript

Ques- What is the variable in Java?
Ans- *A variable is the name of a memory allocated reserved area. It may be thought of as the 
         name of a memory loation , in other words.
        *While the java programme is running, the value is held in a container.
        *To identify the storage loation , each variable needs to have a special name.
        *A data type is assigned variable .

Ques- How to assign a value to variable?
Ans - The veriable_name is the name of an variable . We can initise the variable an equal sign and a value
         However, the compiler never assigns a default value to an uninitialized local variable in java.
          Ex--
                               (int age = 20)

         Where-    int = datatype
                         age=variable_name
                         20= value 

Ques - What are primitive data types in Java?
Ans - Primitive data types --
              Boolean
              byte
              short
              int
              long
              double
              float
              char

Ques - What are the identifiers in Java?
Ans-    An identifuer is a name given to a package, class, interface, method, or variable .
           All identifiers must have different names.
           There are fev tipes for identifiers:
            1-All identifers should begin with a letter(A to Z or a to z), $ and _ and must be unique.
            2-After the first character/letter, identifiers can have any combination of charaters.
            3-A keyword cannot be used as an identifiers.
            4-The identifiers are case sensitive.
            5-Whitespaces are not permitted

Ques- List the operators in Java?
Ans-   There are six types of java operators--
          1- Arithmetic operators
          2-Relational operators
          3-Logical operators
          4-Assignment operators
          5-Unary operators
          6-Bitwise operators

Ques - Explain about increment and decrement operators and give an examples.
Ans -
       *Increment Operator--
        Increment Operators are the unary operators used to increment or add 1 to the operand value. The Increment 
       operand is denoted by the double plus symbol (++).

                     (X=A++)

            It has two types-
                          Pre Increment Operators
                          Post Increment Operators

         *Decrement Operator-
         Decrement Operator is the unary operator, which is used to decrease the original value of the operand by 1. 
         The decrement operator is represented as the double minus symbol (--). 

                      (Y=A--)

             It has two types-
                    Pre Decrement operators
                    Post Decrement operators.
