                                                   Assignment - (Fundamentals of Java ) - 26-01-23

Ques - What is Programming language?
Ans- Making a set of instruction that instruct a computer how to carry out a task is the process of 
         programming . Tere are numerous computer programing language available for use in 
         programming.
         
        Category of programming languages:
         1- Machine level language
         2- Assembly languages
         3- High- level language

Ques- Why do we need a programming language?
Ans-   Programiming language is important in our daily life life to enhance and increase the power of computers,
           mobile solutions, and the internet . 
           some example---
          - Programiming language is real world not a academics.
          - Due to progrsmmes developes bt computer programming
             You can use online banking ,shoping and tickets and many more.
             
Ques- What are the features of java?
Ans-    Object oriented- The feature of object-oriented programming are supported by Java. Its object model is straight forword and flexible.
            -Plateform independent
            -Simple
            -Secure
            -Portable 
            -Robust
            -Multi-theaded
            -distributed

Ques- What is an object?
Ans- An object is an entity with state and behaviour, such as a chair , bike , maker, pen, table, or car.
        It could be intellectual or physical (tangible and intangible). The banking system is an illustration of an intangible entity.
            there are three tpyes of objects..
             1- State
             2 - Behavior
             3- Identity  

Ques- What is a class?
Ans -   A class is collection of iterms with similar characteristics . It serves as a model or blueprint from which things
            can be made . It makes sense as a whole . It cannot be bodily.
            Java classes---
                    Field
                    Method
                    Constructors
                    Blocks
                    Nested class and interface

Ques- Explain about the main () menthod in java?
Ans-   The main () is the starting point for jvm to start execution of a java program. Without the main() method , JVM will not execute the programing 
           The syntax of the main() method is public . It is an soecifier. We should use a public keyword before the main()
            main() so that JVM can identify the execution point of the program. 

             public statics void main(string args[])